Halzinnia Terms Of Service
Last Updated: March 28, 2017
BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR USING OUR SERVICES, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING INSTRUMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS HEREIN. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN THEIR ENTIRETY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES.
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT AFFECT YOU AND YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, UNLESS YOU CHOOSE TO OPT OUT, A PROVISION REGARDING BINDING ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES (OTHER THAN CERTAIN SPECIFIED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS AND SMALL CLAIMS) AND A WAIVER OF CERTAIN RIGHTS TO JURY TRIALS AND/OR CLASS ACTIONS. PLEASE READ THE “DISPUTE RESOLUTION” SECTION (SECTION 18) IN ITS ENTIRETY. IN ADDITION, CERTAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS MAY BE APPLICABLE TO USERS THAT RESIDE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. PLEASE REVIEW SECTION 26 TO DETERMINE WHETHER THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO YOU.
YOU CERTIFY THAT YOU ARE OF THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH YOU RESIDE OR, IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF 13 AND THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, THAT YOU ARE USING THE SERVICES WITH THE SUPERVISION OF YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN WHO AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. MAKE SURE TO REVIEW THESE TERMS OF SERVICE WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN SO THAT YOU BOTH UNDERSTAND ALL OF YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
Halzinnia Games (“Halzinnia“, “we“, “us” or “our”) is pleased to provide you access to software, websites, applications, and content (collectively, the “Services”). These Terms of Service (“Terms“) apply to your purchase, access to, and use of, any Services. These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Halzinnia for products, services or otherwise. If you are using the Services on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Terms on such entity’s behalf and that such entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or that entity violate these Terms.
Halzinnia reserves the right to change or modify these Terms on a going forward basis at any time and in our sole discretion. If Halzinnia makes changes to these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes as appropriate, such as by sending an email notification to the address you’ve provided, providing notice through the Services and/or updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms. Your continued use of the Services will confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you must stop using the Services. We encourage you to review the Terms from time to time to ensure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to your access to, and use of, the Services.
This agreement was written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
1. Eligibility; Registration and Account
The Services are intended solely for users who are 13 or older. Any registration for, or use of, the Services by anyone under the age of 13 is unauthorized, unlicensed and in violation of these Terms. You represent and warrant that you (a) are not identified on the Office of Foreign Assets Control’s Specially Designated Nationals List (“SDN List”), (b) are not placed on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Denied Persons List or Entity List or any other U.S. export control list, (c) will not use IP proxying or other methods to disguise the place of your residence, (d) will not use the Services if any applicable laws in your country prohibit you from doing so in accordance with these Terms and (e) have not previously had your right to use the Services suspended or terminated.
To access and use certain features of the Services, you may be required to register for an account. By creating an account, you agree to: (i) provide accurate, current and complete account information; (ii) maintain the security of your password, not share your password with any other person and accept all risks of unauthorized access to your account; and (iii) promptly provide notice at https://www.facebook.com/whitehat if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Services.
2. Equipment; Software; and Updates
Certain equipment and software may be required to access and use the Services. In addition, we may need to automatically update some of the software you obtain through the Services or provide you with new software to keep the Services functioning properly, which could include bug fixes, patches, enhanced features, missing plug-ins and new versions. By using the Services, you agree to such automatic updating.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion and where technically feasible, to disable your access to or ability to use Services that we believe present a health and safety risk or violate our community standards, agreements, laws, regulations or policies. We will not incur any liability or responsibility if we choose to remove, disable, or delete such access or ability to use any or all portion(s) of the Services.
3. Your Use of the Services and Content
3.1 Content and Software License. Except as otherwise agreed upon, if we enable the use of software, content, virtual items or other materials owned or licensed by us (“Software and Content”), we hereby grant you a limited, nonexclusive, non-sublicensable license to access, install, and use the Software and Content solely for personal and noncommercial purposes, conditioned on your compliance with these Terms. You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, decrypt, attempt to derive the source code of, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, rent, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Software and Content, except as expressly permitted by Halzinnia or as permitted under applicable law. Any unauthorized use of the Services is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted in these Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted to you.
3.2 Third-Party Content. Your use of services, applications, or content provided by third parties (“Third Party Content”) made available through the Services may be subject to additional end user agreements. In the event that these agreements conflict with the provisions of these Terms, these Terms will govern. Halzinnia has no responsibility or liability with respect to your access to or use of the Third Party Content, or any content or functionality contained in such Third Party Content, your rights to which are solely provided pursuant to a license between you and the provider of such Third Party Content. In no event shall Halzinnia be considered the licensor of the Third Party Content, to have granted any rights to use the Third Party Content, to have assumed any obligations with respect to the Third Party Content, or to have made any representations or warranties with respect to the Third Party Content.
If you are not presented with an end user license agreement when you acquire Third Party Content, the following license terms apply to your use of such Third Party Content: (a) the third party providing the Third Party Content (and not Halzinnia) is the licensor of such Third Party Content; (b) such party grants you a limited, nontransferable license to access and use the Third Party Content only for your personal and noncommercial purposes; and (c) you may not modify, decompile or disassemble the Third Party Content in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or sublicense any rights in or to the Third Party Content, unless otherwise expressly authorized by the third party or as permitted under applicable law.
3.4 Trial Access to Services. We may offer free trials or other limited versions of Services so you can preview Services before you purchase the full version. These versions may have limited features, restrict permitted time of use and contain other limitations.
3.5 Availability of Services after Purchase; Updates. Some Services may rely on services provided by third parties for some or all of its functionality. Such Services may not function properly or may become inoperable if these third parties discontinue their services.
3.6 Support. Halzinnia will be responsible for some features of some our contents but questions related to the purchase of Services may be responsible of Third Party companies, like Oculus VR, LLC. Halzinnia has no obligation to provide support for Third Party Content. Please contact us through the support forums at https://Halzinnia.games/forums for assistance.
3.7 Availability. The Services and Content may not be available in all territories and jurisdictions, and we may restrict or prohibit use of all or a portion of the Services and Content in certain territories and jurisdictions.
3.8 Network Costs. You may be charged by your network provider for data services or any other third party charges as may arise while using the Services and you accept responsibility for such charges. If you are not the bill payer, we will assume that you have received permission from the bill payer.
4. Acceptable Use
By accessing or using the Services, you agree that you will not: (a) access or use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit anyone from fully enjoying the Services, including, but not limited to, defamatory, harassing, threatening, bigoted, hateful, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, or otherwise offensive behavior or content; (b) damage, disable, overburden or impair the functionality of the Services in any manner; (c) access or use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose or engage in, encourage, or promote any illegal activity, or any activity that violates these Terms, community standards or any other terms or policies provided in connection with the Services; (d) use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization from such user; (e) modify, adapt, hack or emulate the Services; (f) use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided or authorized by us to access the Services or to extract data; (g) circumvent or attempt to circumvent any filtering, security measures or other features designed to protect the Services, or third parties; and (h) infringe upon or violate the rights of Halzinnia, our users or any third party.
5. User Content
Our Services may include interactive features and areas where you may submit, post, upload, publish, email, send or otherwise transmit content, including, but not limited to, text, images, photos, videos, sounds, virtual reality environments or features, software and other information and materials (collectively, “User Content”). Unless otherwise agreed to, we do not claim any ownership rights in or to your User Content. By submitting User Content through the Services, you grant Halzinnia a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual (i.e. lasting forever), non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free and fully sublicensable (i.e. we can grant this right to others) right to use, copy, display, store, adapt, publicly perform and distribute such User Content in connection with the Services. You irrevocably consent to any and all acts or omissions by us or persons authorized by us that may infringe any moral right (or analogous right) in your User Content.
You are solely responsible for the User Content you make available through the Services and you represent and warrant that (a) you either are the sole and exclusive rights owner of all User Content that you provide, or you have obtained all rights, licenses, permissions, consents and releases that are necessary to grant to Halzinnia the rights specified in this section; (b) the provision of your User Content, and our subsequent use of such User Content, will not infringe, misappropriate or violate any third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable laws or regulations; and (c) your User Content does not violate our community standards.
Halzinnia does not endorse or guarantee the opinions, views, advice, or recommendations posted or sent by users. Halzinnia has no responsibility or liability for User Content made available through the Services, and we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor such content. However, we do reserve the right, and have absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit User Content at any time and for any reason.
In the event you want to help some people submitting User Content to Halzinnia forums or other sections, you acknowledge and agree with this section of the Terms.
6. Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy, which is available at http://Halzinnia.games/pp, is incorporated into these Terms and sets forth how we treat data, including how we collect, use and disclose information.
In addition, certain third parties (such as developers of Third Party Content and the manufacturers of your computer, mobile phone or other devices) may collect information about you when you use the Services. These third parties have their own privacy policies and will treat the information they collect about you according to these policies. We encourage you to review these privacy policies before providing any information to third parties. We are not responsible for the accuracy of any third party’s privacy policy or for ensuring that third parties comply with their privacy policies.
7. Additional Terms
These Terms are in addition to, and do not replace or change, any other agreements you enter into with Halzinnia, which may include but are not limited to our developer agreements, special device terms of use, community standards and contest, competition, or promotion-related terms.
Your purchase and use of Third Party Content may be subject to additional terms, including but not limited to third-party end user agreements, and privacy policies. We encourage you to review any third-party agreements and policies carefully before accessing, downloading or using Third Party Content.
8. Ratings
We may display age, comfort, and content ratings for digital content that are based on information provided to us by the developers of such content. We cannot guarantee that digital content ratings will always be accurate, nor can we promise that you will not find some material harmful, offensive, indecent or objectionable.
9. Ownership and Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise indicated, the Services are the property of Halzinnia or our licensors and are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.
10. Feedback
Separate and apart from User Content, you may submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information about Halzinnia and our Services (collectively, “Feedback”). You agree that Halzinnia and its affiliates shall be able to use the Feedback in any way it may choose without any obligation to you.
11. Hyperlinks
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create text hyperlinks to our websites for noncommercial purposes; however, you may not use our logos or other proprietary graphics to link to our sites without our express written permission.
The Services may contain links to third-party websites, applications or other third-party services, and you understand that by accessing third-party links, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate. You understand and agree that we are not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such third-party properties or the content, products or services made available through such properties. We do not endorse or control such third-party properties and we make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding such properties. If you access or use any third-party properties, you should also be aware that such third parties’ terms and policies will govern.
12. Disclaimers
15.1 THERE ARE IMPORTANT HEALTH AND SAFETY THIRD PARTY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS THAT YOU MUST READ BEFORE USING THE SERVICES. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THESE WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS. WE MAY UPDATE OR REVISE THESE WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS, SO PLEASE REVIEW THEM PERIODICALLY. ADDITIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS MAY BE PROVIDED BY DEVELOPERS IN RELATION TO SPECIFIC THIRD PARTY PLATFORM. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU WILL READ ALL HEALTH AND SAFETY WARNINGS AND INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE USING THE SERVICES.
13. Modifications to the Services
Halzinnia reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, discontinue or disable access to the Services or particular portions thereof, at any time and without notice. In no event will Halzinnia be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any portion or feature of the Services.
14. Termination
We reserve the right to terminate your right to access and use the Services if you violate these Terms or any other terms or policies referenced herein, or if you otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us.
15. Severability
If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
16. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms or our Services, please contact us through the support portal at https://github.com/Harrolee/ReinFireRanch/issues.

